[Content update] src/get-started/flutter-for/react-native-devs.md (#7004)
flutter/website: src/get-started/flutter-for/react-native-devs.md

Because numbers are objects in Dart, even uninitialized variables with
numeric types have the value `null`.

{{site.alert.note}}

>   Started from 2.12, Dart supports [Sound Null Safety][],

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  As of 2.12, Dart supports [Sound Null Safety][],
```

<!-- skip -->
```dart
// Dart

> var name; // == null, will also raised a lint tip.

Reviewer 2: linter warning?

> var name; // == null, will also raised a lint tip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var name; // == null; raises a linter warning
```

### Checking for null or zero

In JavaScript, values of 1 or any non-null objects

> are treated as `true` when using the operator `==` comparison.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are treated as `true` when using the `==` comparison operator.
```

```dart
// Dart
import 'dart:convert';

import 'package:http/http.dart' as http;

class Example {
  Future<String> _getIPAddress() async {
    final url = Uri.https('httpbin.org', '/ip');
    final response = await http.get(url);
    String ip = jsonDecode(response.body)['origin'];
    return ip;
  }
}

> /// Void function could be `async`,

Reviewer 2: @sfshaza2 I feel these two lines need your word smithing

> /// Void function could be `async`,
> /// otherwise functions should return `Future`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/// An async function returns a `Future`.
/// It can also return `void`, unless you use
/// the `avoid_void_async` lint. In that case,
/// return `Future<void>`.
```

<!-- skip -->
```dart
/// Flutter

> Image.network('https://flutter.io/images/owl.jpg'),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Image.network('https://docs.flutter.dev/assets/images/docs/owl.jpg'),
```

## Gesture detection and touch event handling

> To listen for and respond to gesture,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To listen for and respond to gestures,
```

```dart
final formKey = GlobalKey<FormState>();

Form(
  key: formKey,
  child: Column(
    children: <Widget>[
      TextFormField(
        validator: (String value) => value.contains('@')
            ? null
            : 'Not a valid email.',
        onSaved: (String val) => _email = val,
        decoration: const InputDecoration(
          hintText: 'Enter your email',
          labelText: 'Email',
        ),
      ),
      ElevatedButton(
        onPressed: _submit,
        child: const Text('Login'),
      ),
    ],
  ),
)
```

The following example shows how `Form.save()` and `formKey`

> (which is a `GlobalKey`) are used to save the form on submit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(which is a `GlobalKey`), are used to save the form on submit.
```

  return 'not recognised';
}
```

In Flutter, use the following implementation:

<!-- skip -->
```dart
/// Flutter
final platform = Theme.of(context).platform;
if (platform == TargetPlatform.iOS) {
  return 'iOS';
}
if (platform == TargetPlatform.android) {
  return 'android';
}
if (platform == TargetPlatform.fuchsia) {
  return 'fuchsia';
}

> return 'not recognised ';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
return 'not recognized ';
```
